So why are you successful hooking up these buttons.
Let's do it together.
I want to start with the new recipe button.
And for that I'll give you my recipe list component which is where I have this button here and I simply
want to add a click listener to it on new recipe could be a fitting name.
So let's copy that name and add it to our typescript code so that here we have the method which will
get triggered.
And now I need to inject the router to be able to navigate to this route.
I want to go to so I'll add my router a year of Taieb router to be imported from at angular router here.
So all ADD does import.
And what's that an on new recipe.
I simply want to target or use my router to use to navigate Mefford to target this POV.
I want to go to you now which Parvis that we already are on slash recipes here.
Keep this in mind because your on the recipe list so I can use a relative route and simply add new to
it.
Now to be able to use a relative route in the navigate method though we also need to inform the router
about our current route so let's inject this to here the route of course of type activated route needs
to be added and actuator rod should also be added from the angular router package and then I'll add
my to object at you relative to configuration and point to this route to my current route.
With that let's see if that works.
Back in the application let's try this new recipe button.
Dad looks great.
So let's try going to just recipe's works.
Select the recipe works too.
So that is indeed working as expected.
Now we should do the same basically for the added recipe though there we also need to pass our ID the
recipe detail component is of course the place where we have distilling either the EDID recipe link
so I'll add a click listener and say on edit recipe here.
Also copy this name into the typescript code off the edit recipe component like this.
And then here we all need to get access to the router so that we can call them navigate method.
So let's inject that type router as before.
Make sure to import the router from at angular router.
And now that is why I stored the ID in this property here with that stored.
I can now use my router here to navigate and I'm one to navigate well basically to the current ID and
then added.
Now I could simply add added to the current route so let's add.
Relative to here this route.
And let's see if this works as expected.
If I click add that recipe we go to zero edit and the same for one.
So actually we don't need the idea here in this case.
Then why did I get it then.
Well simply for demo purposes this is an absolutely fine way and probably the way you will navigate
the alternative though.
And just to show this how that would work into practice this is to use navigate.
And now let's say we move up one level and then we want to add our ID again so this ID and then add
it.
So now I'm deliberately constructing a more complex path simply to show how that would work.
So now that is also relative to our current routes of this route.
And with that you should see that it still works because what we do is we go up one level.
So to just slash recipes in this case then we again add our ID and then added.
And we should see that if I click this button again even if we really want the app to be sure that it
did indeed update it works as before.
Now with a more complex set up again you would probably use the first one which is Welkom and out the
second one.
I just wanted to highlight again how it works how you can use that more complex navigation and also
navigate around with this go up one level command you see here as the first segment of this more complex
POV.
However again just adding added to the relative to the current route I should say is of course the straightforward
way